Did you see the waste?
Just rely on you to pick up the junk of your life
I'm afraid I can't pick up ten million
Humph
Do you see the glazed seven-star lamp?
What if you were really capable?
Go up and order him
Since Xu Shou wants to see it so much
Then I will fulfill you
I'd like to see how you die, you trash
Jin Chen, don't be impulsive
Do you know the consequences of pawning?
Hotel glazing actor
All the treasures in the audience are automatically ticketed
Uncapped
I know you can rest assured that I'm fine.
What are you doing?
Lighting
You're not going to do that?
host
I suspect this person seriously disturbed the order of the venue
I suggest kicking it out
How dare he light a lamp?
Are you crazy?
How much is everything here?
Don't you have a point in mind?
This gentleman
Are you sure you want a light?
Lighting means that the entire collection is yours.
Double the price
And so on.
Order up to 7
If you deliberately make trouble or are unable to pay
Temporary in public according to the rules
Some people can't stop them if they want to die
This frog died and I asked for two.